Business Source License 1.1

License text copyright (c) 2017 MariaDB Corporation Ab, All Rights Reserved.
"Business Source License" is a trademark of MariaDB Corporation Ab.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Parameters

Licensor:             Copyright (c) 2021 fengzie <526567244@qq.com>

Licensed Work:        Mobazha Smart Contracts
                      The Licensed Work is (c) 2021 fengzie <526567244@qq.com>

Change Dates:

- All commits at or prior to commit 4c04d4d7382ce949c40789d2a3264e927d1b06a3
have a change date of 2023-06-04 (Jun 4, 2023)
- All commits after 4c04d4d7382ce949c40789d2a3264e927d1b06a3 (i.e. committed to this
repository after Jun 4, 2023) have a change date of 2027-09-06 (September 6th, 2027)

Change License:       MIT

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018 OpenBazaar

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Covenants of Licensor

In consideration of the right to use this Licenseâ€™s text and the "Business
Source License" name and trademark, Licensor covenants to MariaDB, and to all
other recipients of the licensed work to be provided by Licensor:

1. To specify as the Change License the GPL Version 2.0 or any later version,
   or a license that is compatible with GPL Version 2.0 or a later version,
   where "compatible" means that software provided under the Change License can
   be included in a program with software provided under GPL Version 2.0 or a
   later version. Licensor may specify additional Change Licenses without
   limitation.

2. To either: (a) specify an additional grant of rights to use that does not
   impose any additional restriction on the right granted in this License, as
   the Additional Use Grant; or (b) insert the text "None".

3. To specify a Change Date.

4. Not to modify this License in any other way.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Notice

The Business Source License (this document, or the "License") is not an Open
Source license. However, the Licensed Work will eventually be made available
under an Open Source License, as stated in this License.

